[Music]
hey what's going on everybody my name is
coby scrubby and welcome back to loot
gaming unboxing and this would be
September's crate because today is
October sixth Friday and I got this
yesterday so thank you guys so much for
coming hang out me today really
appreciate it if you guys enjoy this
video please don't forget to hit the
like button for me leave me your
thoughts on it down below in the
comments and you can also subscribe to
the channel for more loot gaming
unboxing in other videos and I thought I
would try something a little bit
different with the mic today to kind of
keep it out of the way a little more so
hopefully I'm not too echoey sounding
we'll see if this works anyway also I
wanted to address my face for those some
of you may or may not know that I work
for NASCAR team in the body shop in the
shop and we are in the playoffs and
tomorrow know Sunday October 8th is the
first race of the second round which we
have also made it into the second round
of the playoffs so everybody or most
people in the shop are not shaving until
after the championship race so anyway
that's what's going on here so let's get
right to it
and here is our box let's go ahead and
take this shirt stick it down here first
thing I see right here is destiny
collectible figure cayde-6 who I have
seen it in the trailers
but I have not played destiny to myself
the trailers look cool and I have not
heard a lot of good things about it to
be completely honest with you
plus I was never huge into destiny in
the first place he's got a little stand
firm to sit on there still I cannot
figure out a good way to get this thing
to focus other than to do it manually
but there he is right there it's not a
bad quality figure nice detail stick
this guy right there next Borderlands
weapon manufacturers patch and pin set
now I'd like Borderlands I played a
little bit of the first one was it the
first one there was the second one
anyway I think it was the first one and
that's really it you don't have time to
play all the games anymore oh cool so
these look like let me just show it to
you here worth it
alright hopefully I didn't mess up the
camera too much cuz after I get all this
set up and the camera straight and
everything I'm kind of trapped in here
if I get out I got to move the table
anyway here it is and these top two here
are pins and these look like patches
that you could put on a coat or
something
pretty cool all right moving on here is
some bubble wrap and inside the bubble
wrap we have just like a water bottle
cool I don't
ah is this the crap what is it called
talos sign from prey because that would
be cool
kind of a small water bob it's alright
we will probably use it we have a ton of
water bottles around this place where
can we see you right there and we will
find out exactly what everything is when
we get to the poster but we have the pin
look we have the pin here and here is
the pin there we go there's a pin I'm
not sure what it is it's probably from
destiny on the back it says augment
September 2017 and here is our shirt
which by the way I'm not wearing the
shirt that I got last time I'm wearing
this shirt that Laura got me for my
birthday look and it says if you can
read this I was forced to put my
controller down and reenter society and
I just thought that was this is a cool
shirt and that you gamers out there may
appreciate it so I thought I would wear
it because this is September's box my
birthday was in September so anyway
shirt here is the shirt from this time
you guys get to see it first it's just
blue back here you can see and it says
bungee
and that looks like something from
destiny to me but I am not 100% sure all
right
it was Borderlands Bungie I'm not sure I
don't know that but I'm kind I don't
think that prey was Bungie because
that's pathetic but I don't know maybe
they had something to do with it but
anyway it looks like Bungie sponsored
this crate or something cuz we have the
Destiny to Kate six-figure we have
Borderlands patch and pen set there are
over 17 million different weapons
variations and weapons variations in
Borderlands Wow well let me just read
what it says here about Kade Kade was
once a human soldier before being
converted to an EXO on Europa and the
shirt is destiny to ghost t-shirt some
fans call their ghost a Nolan droid but
voice actor nolan north prefers nolan
bot anyway
destiny strange coin pin so that is it
is destiny also the coin pin strange
coins aren't easy to find but they're
pretty essential if you want to buy an
item from absorb X you are with it I
don't know anyway and then the water
bottle was prate Alice one water bottle
according to in-game marketing materials
the Telus one Space Station is the 8th
wonder of the world let's see what we
have here for the epic drop Bungie to
our epic drop one a trip to Bungie go
inside the studio to see where destiny
has made meet and chat with members of
the Bungie team check out bungees
collection of destiny and Caleb
memorabilia hosted tour of the studio in
Bellevue Washington airfare for two to
Seattle US domestic only hotel stay for
two meals not
included Bungie estimated value $2,000
so there's the epic drop for you and I
forgot to show you the other side of the
poster I got too much stuff in the way
so yeah it looks like just go come on
destiny to destiny to poster there it is
too bad I'm not a destiny fan or else I
would have loved this one um stuff that
I like out of this I mean the shirts
always awesome the figure guys pretty
cool he's gonna go with the rest of my
ones that I get out of these the water
bottle it's pretty cool I like to pray
I'd never finished it because I was
playing it on the channel and it wasn't
very popular and I just kind of moved on
to something else and never finished it
but this I could probably practically
use this is gonna go with my other
collection of pins and stuff I'll
probably never use the pin jizz pit pit
patches or pins anyway not a lot of cool
stuff in this one for me but if I was a
Bunter Bungie fan if I was a destiny fan
I probably love this one anyway that's
gonna do it for today if you guys
enjoyed the video please don't forget to
hit the like button for me leave me your
thoughts on this down below in the
comments and you can also subscribe to
the channel for more loot gaming
unboxing next month and other videos so
thank you guys so much for coming to
hang out me today I really do appreciate
it and we'll see you next time later
gasp
[Music]